Address: 8 Mapo-daero,Mapo-gu,Seoul,04176,Korea
AGENDA
Korea Offshore Wind and Hydrogen
Summit 2023
October.23-24,2023,Hotel Naru Seoul MGallery,South Korea
developed saves roughly 18,000 tons of poisonous hydrochloride. This zero-pollution technology makes
Hengtong China’s only, and world’s second company that possesses this technology.
http://www.hengtonggroup.com/en
Exhibitor 5:
IRM Offshore and Marine Engineers Pvt. Ltd.
IRMOME is an IMS certified (ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 ISO 45001 company established in the year 1964.
IRM's manufacturing facilities and quality systems are recognized by all renowned Third Party Inspection
agencies. With all In-house facilities for the Designing, Manufacturing, and testing of various types of offshore
installation aids & Fendering systems IRM caters to the requirements of all the Oil Majors, Ports, and Harbors
across the world.
IRM Products include Offshore Platforms Float overs and installation aids like Leg Mating Unit, Deck Support
Unit, Pile Gripper, Diaphragm Closure, Surge & Sway Fenders, Mud Wipe, Grout Seal, Grout packer, and
protection systems like Barge Bumper, Shock Cell, Shear Fender, Rotating Rubber Ring, Jacket Leg Rub Strip,
Boat Landing Rub Strip, etc.
https://irmome.com/
Exhibitor 6:
DeTect, Inc.
DeTect specializes in delivery, integration and support of advanced, proven radar Bird Monitoring and
Mitigation systems (BMMS) for both onshore and offshore wind energy projects. DeTect has delivered over
500 systems worldwide which are being used by developers, owners, operators and environmental consultants
for bird and bat survey, mortality risk assessment, operational monitoring, and real-time risk mitigation.
DeTect’s MERLIN™
BMMS integrates the advanced, fully automatic MERLIN Avian Radar System (ARS) with a wind farm’s SCADA
network to create a real-time risk mitigation system for bird or bat mortality.
In response to the Dark Sky initiative to reduce light pollution and customer demand, DeTect also developed
the HARRIER™Aircraft Detection Lighting Systems (ADLS) for automatic obstruction lighting activation for
aviation obstructions such as wind farm turbines, high voltage transmission lines and communication towers.
The HARRIER ADLS provides reliable, continuous 360-degree radar surveillance of the airspace around wind
farms, communications towers, power lines and installations that require aircraft obstruction lighting. From the
ground level to above aircraft flight altitudes, ADLS automatically issuing signals to activate obstruction lighting
when aircraft are detected at a defined outer perimeter. Lights are then turned off again once the aircraft has
passed through the zone. Please visit the DeTect booth to learn more about BMMS and ADLS.
https://www.detect-inc.com
Exhibitor 7:
Global Tide - Offshore Wind Solution
Global Tide is established in 2021 and has been a trusted partner of choice for offshore wind developers and
operators since the very beginning of offshore wind projects in Korea. Our offshore wind capabilities with
understanding of global standards give our clients a high degree of comfort and confidence in selecting Global
Tide as a trusted partner of choice to deliver exemplary levels of support and service and we are always
preparing solutions for the next stage of offshore wind projects in Korea.
https://www.gtide-ltd.com/
Exhibitor 8:
AXYS Technologies Inc.
AXYS Technologies, Inc. (AXYS) are experts in the design, manufacturing and maintenance of remote
environmental data acquisition, processing and telemetry systems.
