Address: 8 Mapo-daero,Mapo-gu,Seoul,04176,Korea
AGENDA
Korea Offshore Wind and Hydrogen
Summit 2023
October.23-24,2023,Hotel Naru Seoul MGallery,South Korea
Exhibitor 2:
Ningbo Orient Wires & Cables Co. Ltd
Ningbo Orient Wires & Cables Co. Ltd, also known as Orient Cable (NBO),NBO is a leading Chinese land &
subsea cable solutions provider, particularly in terms of its innovation, quality control, and key technological
breakthroughs. We are one of the most competitive companies in the global subsea cable market and have
been designated and named within the “Shanghai Mainboard Top 100 Valued Companies”.
We are presently focusing on three business sectors: land cable systems, subsea cable systems and offshore
engineering. Orient Cable can provide bespoke comprehensive cable system solutions including R&D, design,
manufacGroupturing, installation and maintenance services. Our broad products range includes HVAC land &
subsea cables (up to 500 kV), HVDC land/subsea cables (up to ± 535kV) and umbilical and dynamic cables. Our
cables and services are widely employed for utilities, telecommunication, O&G, construction as well as
renewables. We have ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO45001, OHSAS18001 accreditation and are certified by DNV.
http://www.orientcable.com/en
Exhibitor 3:
Dajin Heavy Industry Corporation
Dajin Heavy Industry Corporation,founded in 2000 and publicly listed in 2010, the first one among all the like-
companies in China, is the largest private Chinese offshore wind fabricator of monopiles, transition pieces, and
offshore towers. In addition, Dajin is developing jackets and floating foundations.
With ongoing development of Yangjiang Phase ⅡFacility in Guangdong Province, Dajin capability can reach up
to max diameter 15m with 4000T per monopile. This is where we are destinated and how we are prepared for
the Triple XL products tomorrow.
With our own port operations, we are loading with efficiency for vessels loading at Dajin Port. It is with this
advantage that enables us fulfill the delivery to our Clients’ satisfaction.
https://www.dajininvest.cn/
Exhibitor 4:
Hengtong Group
Hengtong Group is an international enterprise with a diverse range of expertise covering optical fibre, power,
marine and offshore cable, EPC turnkey service and maintenance, as well as IoT, big data and e-commerce,
emerging materials and new energy. Hengtong is the largest optical fibre and power cable manufacturer in
China. Ranking among the top 3 optical fibre communication enterprises in the world, it accounts for
approximately 25% of the domestic market share and 15% of the international market share. Hengtong has 70
wholly-owned companies and holding companies (3 of which are listed on the Shanghai, Hong Kong and
Indonesian stock exchanges), with 11 manufacturing facilities and 9 sales companies based in Europe, South
America, Africa, South Asia and Southeast Asia. It operates sales offices in over 40 countries and regions
around the world, supplying products to over 150 countries and regions.
Address: Seoul, South Korea AGENDA Korea Offshore Wind and Hydrogen Summit 2023 October.23-
24,2023,Seoul,South Korea Commitment to innovation and social responsibility is a core value of the company.
Hengtong is steadily transforming to intelligent manufacturing, with the aim of becoming the most advanced
cable manufacturer in the world. Committed to sustainable development and carbon emission reduction,
Hengtong adheres to the pathway of circular economy transformation, practices the concept of recycling and
utilization, and realizes the win-win situation of ecological and economic benefits. The green preform it
