Address: 8 Mapo-daero,Mapo-gu,Seoul,04176,Korea
AGENDA
Korea Offshore Wind and Hydrogen
Summit 2023
October.23-24,2023,Hotel Naru Seoul MGallery,South Korea
Panelists:
Murthy R Nuni,Managing Director,Marshal Global Renewable Power
Chris Chatterton,COO,The Methanol Institute
Guido Alfredo A. Delgado,Chairman and CEO,G.A.A. Delgado Incorporated (GAAD INC)
Ms.Jen Panaligan-Taghoy,CEO, Large Electricity Market Services
Yoonjae (Vince) Heo, Director, APAC Gas, Power & Climate Solutions,S&P Global Commodity Insights
Bruno G. Geschier,Chief Sales & Marketing Officer, BW IDEOL (confirmed)
Jacob Rasmussen,Counsellor – Energy & Environment, Embassy of Denmark, Seoul (confirmed)
Supa Waisayarat,Country Director Vietnam,Super Energy Corporation (confirmed)
HEXICON
Inviting from Corio Generation, KFWind (Ocean Winds,AKSO and WPK)
Seungsoo Han,Commercial Director, Asia &Country Manager, Korea,Northland Power (inviting)
Copenhagen Offshore Partners Korea/CIP-SK E&S (inviting)
Flotation Energy Plc
Chairman,Swancor Renewable Energy
MARTY S, Head of International Business,GULF energy
1710 End of Summit
For local project owners in Korea, free of charge to attend.
For Example:
1.‘MunmuBaram’ joint venture between global energy company Shell ((80%)) and Korean offshore wind developer
CoensHexicon ((20%)), aims to develop, construct, and operate a 1.3GW floating wind farm,
located offshore South-East Korea, between 65 and 80 km from the city of Ulsan, South Korea.
2. Equinor,Firefly(800MW)+ Donghae 1(200MW)
3. Corio Generation (Corio)-TotalEnergies
4. KFWind(Ocean Winds,AKSO and WPK)
5. CIP-SK E&S
6. KNOC (EWP)
A.Equinor has taken the lead in project Firefly (805MW) and Donghae1 / Hoopong, a total of 2.5GW
B.Mainstream (Aker Offshore Wind) leads the way in a consortium with Korea Floating Wind for 3 areas with a total of 1.3GW of floating
installations
C.Deep Wind Offshore (Haugesund) is involved in large projects with a total of 4GW floating installations and has secured site
exclusivity for 2 GW
D. Bada Energy (TotalEnergies, Corio, SK ecoplant) is developing 3 projects and a total of 2.6GW
SPONSOR,EXHIBITORS
Exhibitor 1:
WPOAM MARINE ENGINEERING CO.,LIMITED
WPOAM MARINE ENGINEERING CO.,LIMITED is a professional company that focuses on the R&D,
manufacturing, operation management of offshore wind power operation and maintenance ships, and third-
party operation and maintenance services for offshore wind farms. It also serves the solution and solution of
the overall transportation plan of offshore wind farms. Third-party operation and maintenance and other fields.
Our company is the first offshore wind farm operation and maintenance service company in China that has
passed the three-system certification of China Classification Society CCS "Offshore Wind Power Operation and
Maintenance".
The company's main business scope includes the design, construction, leasing and operation of offshore wind
power operation and maintenance ships, and overall solutions for offshore wind farm transportation; marine
engineering fields include: underwater operations, anti-corrosion engineering, underwater exploration and
marine engineering material supply; wind turbines Replacement of large parts and third-party operation and
maintenance services and overall solutions for offshore wind farms.
